Citi logo
Citi
Share
Show more options
Program Manager Vice President 
Belfast, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom · 1 day ago · 24 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


 Hybrid
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Hybrid.

 Full-time
Matches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.

Apply

Save
Save Program Manager Vice President  at Citi
Program Manager Vice President
Citi · Belfast, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom (Hybrid)

Apply

Save
Save Program Manager Vice President  at Citi
Show more options
Your profile matches several required qualifications


Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me standout

Create cover letter


BETA

Is this information helpful?



People you can reach out to
Oxford Brookes University logo
Oxford Brookes University logo
School alumni from Oxford Brookes University

Show all
About the job
Are you looking for a career move that will put you at the heart of a global financial institution? Then bring your skills in analysis, problem solving and communication to Citi’s Program Management Advisory and Execution (PMAE) team.

By Joining Citi, you will become part of a global organisation whose mission is to serve as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress.

Team / Role Overview:

The Program Management Advisory and Execution (PMAE) is the only enterprise level resource that supports all business units across the bank to plan, execute and govern complex cross-functional initiatives, programs, and projects. We act as partners to interject project management discipline to work efforts. The team works across silos and moves from topic to topic while continuing to maintain and follow program management rules of governance. The PMAE is an organization consisting of over 80 program management professionals, each with a very robust and diverse background.

The work will vary across engagements but generally will range from regulatory compliance to risk management. PMAE is not a technology-centric project management office, however its work may include the integration of the technology dependencies into cross-functional business initiatives as part of a larger body of work.

This is a highly matrixed organization where your primary manager will not be providing daily oversight of your actions and program management skills. You will be expected to operate independently, while interacting with your clients and stakeholders on a day-to-day basis. As initiatives, programs, and projects close, you will then be assigned to a new body of work with new sponsors and new stakeholders, while maintaining your primary PMAE supervisory chain.

What you'll do:

This is a mid-level project / program manager role with the expectation to have had a previous experience driving end-to-end execution of programs while leveraging a structured PM methodology.

You will lead cross-functional projects or programs with a broad impact across the organization and may be required to manage multiple projects simultaneously. Additionally, you will be expected to be the subject matter expert in project methodology and consistently follow established processes while proactively identifying opportunities for improvement. You will be responsible for ensuring all workstream owners within your project(s) are informed and follow established procedures.

Ensure the consistent quality of deliverables for assigned programs & projects to include providing quality control process for workstreams within your project or program. Ensure the quality of results support the broader initiative. Anticipate problems and proactively identify solutions that address root causes.
Effectively guide, influence and direct individuals who are responsible for separate work efforts to achieve common goals through influence (matrix management).
Define program requirements independently and execute.
Collaborate and consult with executive leadership, stakeholders, project leads, executive leadership, sponsors, and business partners to clarify and define project requirements.
Provide independent 3rd party challenge for program deliverables, plans and other requirements.
Demonstrate a command of a subject area with an eagerness to share knowledge with others. Solve complex problems and turn incomplete, conflicting, or ambiguous inputs into tactical action plans or solutions.
Mobilize a diverse set of stakeholder teams towards a common goal. Acts as a change catalyst by identifying and helping others see where new ideas can benefit program objectives.
Drive the pace of work for self and other program resources while independently managing the program holistically.
Make decisions in end-to-end program management, demonstrating ownership of the entire process from beginning to end while developing and implementing program and project level processes and performance metrics.
Define and provide clarity for program objectives and plans. Develop structure & controls around program delivery to ensure successful completion, mitigate ambiguity, and enable effective decision making.
Establish relationships with all stakeholders to help define the initial scope, timeline, resource needs, and costs (if any) of the projects/program and work with management or project organization. Engage key stakeholders early and often and actively look for opportunities to improve collaboration.
Communicate effectively to distill complex thoughts and strategies into simple, actionable recommendations.

What we'll need from you:

Experience managing complex projects and programs following a structured methodology.
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience.
Technical proficiencies in MS Project, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint required. 
Demonstrated ability to lead a program in all lifecycle activities associated with projects/programs that are long-term, line of business wide, and medium to high in risk, scope and complexity with a broad impact.
Must be able to work at designated Citi location 3 days / week.
PMP or PRINCE2 certification. Or the ability to obtain certification within 1 year of employment. 
Professional experience in a large corporation, within the financial sector is a plus.
Finance or accounting experience as a plus.
Experience with enterprise program management tools.

What we can offer you:

We work hard to have a positive financial and social impact on the communities we serve. In turn, we put our employees first and provide the best-in-class benefits they need to be well, live well and save well.

By joining Citi Belfast, you will not only be part of a business casual workplace with a hybrid working model (up to 2 days working at home per week), but also receive a competitive base salary (which is annually reviewed), and enjoy a whole host of additional benefits such as:

Generous holiday allowance starting at 27 days plus bank holidays; increasing with tenure
A discretional annual performance related bonus 
Private medical insurance packages to suit your personal circumstances
Employee Assistance Program 
Pension Plan 
Paid Parental Leave 
Special discounts for employees, family, and friends 
Access to an array of learning and development resources 

Alongside these benefits Citi is committed to ensuring our workplace is where everyone feels comfortable coming to work as their whole self every day. We want the best talent around the world to be energized to join us, motivated to stay, and empowered to thrive.

Sounds like Citi has everything you need? Then apply to discover the true extent of your capabilities.

------------------------------------------------------

Job Family Group: 

Project and Program Management

------------------------------------------------------

Job Family:

Program Management

------------------------------------------------------

Time Type:

Full time

------------------------------------------------------

Most Relevant Skills

Please see the requirements listed above.

------------------------------------------------------

Other Relevant Skills

For complementary skills, please see above and/or contact the recruiter.

------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.

View Citi’s EEO Policy Statement and the Know Your Rights poster.