BSc Information Systems, AgilePM® Practitioner, AWS CCP, Certified Scrum Master, MSP Practitioner

Personal Statement
An efficient and diligent Senior Project Manager, accountable for team leadership and delivery of online projects and programmes of work across a range of sectors delivering critical improvements.

Provides oversight of projects to senior stakeholders internally and externally whilst ensuring Projects adhere to PMO led governance and meet the constraints of Time, Cost and Quality.  Takes a pragmatic hybrid approach to applying Waterfall and Agile methods to delivery ensuring that the right approach and toolset is applied based on suitability per project and resource.

Successfully delivers a variety of projects ranging from rapid deliveries taking weeks to multi-year, strategic projects.  

Interested in opportunities to learn new technologies and help drive efficiencies through continuous improvement.

Core Skills
Project Management | Programme Management | Agile | Prince2 | Lean / Kanban / SCRUM principles and techniques | JIRA | MS-Project | Rapid Prototyping | SDLC | Low-code BPM | Requirements gathering | Relationship management | Data Conversion & Migration | Team & Line Management | Mentoring & Coaching | Decommissioning of Solutions | Tender responses | Project Metrics | Continuous Improvement

Possessing a deep, certified understanding of the Machine Learning lifecycle (AWS Certified ML - Specialty and supporting credentials), I specialise in providing effective governance over complex data and AI programmes. My technical knowledge of implementing Large Language Models (LLMs) and neural networks on platforms like AWS SageMaker and TensorFlow is instrumental in early identification of technical risks within data pipelines and ML architecture. This enables me to provide rigorous oversight, challenge technical estimates appropriately, and ensure the successful, low-risk delivery of advanced machine learning capabilities.

Project Highlights
Key Accounts - Consistent delivery of projects for 2 key clients ensuring renewal of enterprise license agreements generating revenue in excess of 5 million pounds.

MSPR (Strategic) - Management of company/client resource to deliver mortgage solution through which all client mortgages are processed. Creation of 2 new online solutions, integration with client systems, enhancements to current BAU systems. Part of a larger client Programme of change, 

Social Media Monitoring (Tactical) - Agile project to rapidly deliver a tactical solution (monitoring/responding to Facebook/Twitter) reducing client costs against licensed alternative. Delivery to Cost, Time, Quality criteria. Project requirement arose in days and was delivered in weeks with benefits realised in under a month via improved employee reply rates and removal of license fee for incumbent system. Agile/Moscow used to assess and duplicate BAU functions from incumbent system, short sprints to validate new functionality vs BAU functionality

Career / Company Highlights
Creation and Integration of Rapid Delivery Methodology - Created a tailored method to capture client business requirements, profile them and deliver solutions via the Low-Code platform. Significant focus given to the relationships between internal teams to ensure effective collaboration and communication

Progression through Delivery - Progressed by demonstrating commitment to quality of project delivery and continuous improvement

Platform Development & Empowering Clients- Maximising the value of each project by feeding back to internal teams how the platform is used by clients to deliver business solutions, leading to new platform functionality and performance improvements.  

Lead delivery of client projects as the company moved into the Low-Code space, ensuring the platform grew to give more control to non-technical stakeholders and reduce need for company development resource

________________
Employment History
Programme Director (Company Name)
July 2021 – present
Promoted to Programme Director in July 2021 to oversee the delivery of multiple working streams. Ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget, and to the required quality standards. Managing risks and issues, communicating effectively with stakeholders.

Here are some examples of how continual improvement has been implemented:

Developed a new risk management process.
Implemented a new communication plan.
Created a new training program for project managers.
Is committed to continual improvement and is confident that can use skills and experience to help the organization achieve its goals.

Head of Key Accounts & Reactive Project Management  (Company Name)         
September 2018 – Jul 2021
Acquisition of MatsSoft by Netcall required creation of new teams to support rapid growth. Reactive team was created to allow continuation of work being undertaken that required a hybrid approach to delivery whilst a new formal Scrum function was introduced in parallel

Head of Project Management(Company Name)                                                    
March 2015 – September 2018                                                        
Promoted to newly created position of Head of Project Management. Remit to grow the Project Management team taking on line management of increasing Project Manager resource, working to standardise the company approach to Project Management whilst maintaining agility and speed of delivery. 

Senior Project Manager (Company Name)                                                            
Nov-2014 – March 2015                                                                     
Promoted to Senior Project manager in recognition of delivery of multiple projects for multiple clients whilst playing an integral role in rapid company growth.
Projects delivered
* Social Media monitoring system for major UK Bank
* Compliance monitoring system for US based client

Project Manager (Company Name)                                            
Nov-2012 – Oct 2014                                                                      
Employed as a client facing Project Manager to manage existing projects through to successful delivery whilst maintaining relationships with clients to gain further new projects.
Projects delivered
* SMS Balance alert system for major UK Building Society
* Business Account Opening website for major UK Building Society
* Mortgage advice tool for major UK Building Society
* LEAN audit tool combined with productivity monitoring for international drinks company

Project Manager (Company Name)                        
2004 – Nov-2012                                                                      
Initially employed as a freelance Web Developer I progressed to Project Manager and was responsible for all client projects, client communication and the day to day running of the company.
Projects delivered included:
* Online 360 Safety Appraisal Tool for Petroleum company
* Online Library comprised of scanned/ocr and digital materials for charity
* Award winning online journal archive for association
* Multinational Book Data system providing Print on Demand resource allocation for publisher
* Multiple Data Conversion projects utilising in-house tool set to convert OCR generated text to XML and SQL for various clients including publisher

Helpdesk Operator - Company
2003 – 2004 
 
Support Analyst - Company
2001 – 2002
Front-line support of a financial interface used to trade in securities.
 
Sales Advisor - Company
1999 – 2000

 Sales Advisor - Company
1996 – 1997 

Education
1997 - 2001              
	Oxford Brookes University
BSc Honours Information Systems 2:2
 
	1994 – 1996        
	Reading Technical College
A-Levels Business Studies / Psychology
	1987 – 1994        
	Denefield Secondary School
GCSE’s  
	 
Interests & Activities
I am interested in Lean methodologies and am an avid reader of material on how this approach is being used within different industries. From this I have gained considerable, relevant knowledge of ‘Kaizen/Continuous Improvement’ and how Lean can be applied to web projects through ‘Agile’ development.
 
References
Available on request